I'm going to do a ticket and today I've
got it there's a new system software
update which would make it six point
four i believe so it's update you need
to go along to settings click system
update and update via the internet then
you need to select your connection and
it will connect
so same network updates on the later
version download it insert membership
with at least 31 make much free space
click the X button so then it will
download and I shall come back when the
download is complete so we aren't near
the end of the download ninety-seven
percent complete energy 829 and the
download is complete now click x to
start the update
okay em PSP update version 6.3 one stop
a great except
main features in 6.31 games can now be
grouped and displayed in folders based
on format under game may feature don't
click the X button to stop
welcome back once the install is
complete so update complete and now we
click the cross but I'm to restart the
system
so now if we go over to settings and
down to system settings and system
information we can see that the version
is 6.31 so we're thanks for watching
this quick video and I'll see in the
next video like